chore: android session recording docs (#7698)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/session-replay/mobile.mdx

Add the OkHttp Interceptor.

```android_kotlin
private val client = OkHttpClient.Builder()
    .addInterceptor(PostHogOkHttpInterceptor(captureNetworkTelemetry = true))
    .build()
```

# Recording specific configuration

The SDK configurations.

```android_kotlin
val config = PostHogAndroidConfig(apiKey = POSTHOG_API_KEY).apply {
    // enable session recording, requires enabling on the project configuration as well.
    sessionReplay = true
    // all texts are masked (default is enabled)
    sessionReplayConfig.maskAllTextInputs = false
    // all images are placeholders (default is enabled)
    sessionReplayConfig.maskAllImages = false
    // capture logs automatically (default is enabled)
    sessionReplayConfig.captureLogcat = true
}
```

The View declaration tag.

```xml
<ImageView
    android:id="@+id/imvProfilePhoto"
    android:layout_width="200dp"
    android:layout_height="200dp"
    android:tag="ph-no-capture"
/>
```

# Limitations

* Requires the PostHog Android SDK version >= [3.1.0](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-android/releases/tag/3.1.0) - use the latest version.
* Requires Android API >= 26, otherwise it's a NoOp.
* Not compatible with Jetpack Compose.

> * It's a user's screen wireframe, not a video recording nor a screenshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generates wireframe representations of a users screen, not a video recording or a screenshot.
```

  * Custom views are not fully supported.
* WebView is not supported, a placeholder will be shown.
* React Native and Flutter for Android aren't supported.
* [Authorized Domains for Replay](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay-authorized-domains) has to be disabled, for now, or create a new testing project to not disrupt your current project configuration.

> * Let us know when you're ready to view the recordings. While replay is in beta there's still some setup on our side before you can playback the sessions we capture such as enabling the `session-replay-mobile` feature flag for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Let us know when you're ready to view the recordings. While replay is in beta there's still some setup on our side before you can playback the sessions.
```

## How it works

> We have taken our time to make sure that we can provide a useful and detailed recording experience whilst keeping the performance and security of your app as a top priority. By default the configuration is resritive with automatic masking.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have taken our time to make sure we provide a useful and detailed recording experience whilst keeping the performance and security of your app as a top priority. By default, the configuration is restrictive with automatic masking.
```

#### Screen recording

> Mobile Recording is primarily done using native APIs to grab the view hierarchy state when the screen is drawn. This is done carefully so as not to affect performance in any way a user may notice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mobile recording is primarily done using native APIs to grab the view hierarchy state when the screen is drawn. This is done carefully so as not to affect performance in any way a user may notice.
```

> The view hierarchy is transformed to a JSON data structure and later rendered as a HTML [wireframe](https://www.figma.com/resource-library/what-is-wireframing/), since it is a wireframe the UI won't have the original look and feel but it should be close enough to understand the user's behaviour.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The view hierarchy is transformed to a JSON data structure and later rendered as a HTML [wireframe](https://www.figma.com/resource-library/what-is-wireframing/). Since it is a wireframe, the UI won't have the original look and feel but it should be close enough to understand the user's behaviour.
```

> There are 4 possible configurations:

Reviewer 2: Where are these configurations set? In the initialization of PostHog?

Author: I kept this only on the Recording specific configuration section

* `maskAllTextInputs` - all texts will be masked (e.g. `**** ***`).
* `maskAllImages` - all images will be a place holder.
* `captureLogcat` - logs will be captured automatically.

> * `android:tag="ph-no-capture"` - setting the `ph-no-capture` tag means the view will be masked or be a place holder.

Reviewer 2: Is this a configuration or something else?

Author: Moved to Recording specific configuration and made more clear

```gradle_kotlin file=app/build.gradle.kts
implementation("com.posthog:posthog-android:$latestVersion")
```

Initialize the SDK in the `Application` class.

```android_kotlin
import android.app.Application
import com.posthog.android.PostHogAndroid
import com.posthog.android.PostHogAndroidConfig

class SampleApp : Application() {

    companion object {
        const val POSTHOG_API_KEY = "<ph_project_api_key>"
        // usually 'https://app.posthog.com' or 'https://eu.posthog.com'
        const val POSTHOG_HOST = "<ph_instance_address>"
    }

    override fun onCreate() {
        super.onCreate()

        val config = PostHogAndroidConfig(
            apiKey = POSTHOG_API_KEY,
            host = POSTHOG_HOST // TIP: `host` is optional if you use https://app.posthog.com
        )
        config.sessionReplay = true
        PostHogAndroid.setup(this, config)
    }
}
```

Add the OkHttp Interceptor.

```android_kotlin
import com.posthog.PostHogOkHttpInterceptor
import okhttp3.OkHttpClient

private val client = OkHttpClient.Builder()
    .addInterceptor(PostHogOkHttpInterceptor(captureNetworkTelemetry = true))
    .build()
```

# Recording specific configuration

> The SDK configurations.

Reviewer 2: Where does this go?

Author: PostHogAndroidConfig is during the SDK initialization, you will notice that is the same code snippet from the Installation step, so people will have context when they read the code snippet, also made more clear

```android_kotlin
val config = PostHogAndroidConfig(apiKey = POSTHOG_API_KEY).apply {
    // enable session recording, requires enabling on the project configuration as well.
    sessionReplay = true
    // all texts are masked (default is enabled)
    sessionReplayConfig.maskAllTextInputs = false
    // all images are placeholders (default is enabled)
    sessionReplayConfig.maskAllImages = false
    // capture logs automatically (default is enabled)
    sessionReplayConfig.captureLogcat = true
}
```

> The View declaration tag, the image will be a placeholder if the tag is set.

Reviewer 2: Maybe it is because I don't know Android development well, but can you add a little more context of what this is?

```xml
<ImageView
    android:id="@+id/imvProfilePhoto"
    android:layout_width="200dp"
    android:layout_height="200dp"
    android:tag="ph-no-capture"
/>
```

# Limitations

* Requires the PostHog Android SDK version >= [3.1.0](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-android/releases/tag/3.1.0) - use the latest version.
* Requires Android API >= 26, otherwise it's a NoOp.
* Not compatible with Jetpack Compose.
* Generates wireframe representations of a users screen, not a video recording or a screenshot.
  * Custom views are not fully supported.
* WebView is not supported, a placeholder will be shown.
* React Native and Flutter for Android aren't supported.
* [Authorized Domains for Replay](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay-authorized-domains) has to be disabled, for now, or create a new testing project to not disrupt your current project configuration.

> * Let us know when you're ready to view the recordings. While replay is in beta there's still some setup on our side before you can playback the sessions.

Reviewer 2: I think this should be a bigger point, maybe a call out at the end of the setup? 

Also, would be nice to add a link how you want them to contact you, like the support panel: https://us.posthog.com#panel=support%3Afeedback%3Asession_replay%3Alow
